in the name of of the God the Merciful
Praise be to God
and may blessings and peace be upon our master, Messenger of God
his family, companions and those who followed him
With your questions that were received in this holy month of Ramadan
Someone asks:
I ask about terms that I want to differentiate:
tahajjud
Tarawih
Night prayer
What is the difference between these words?
What is the best thing that I worship allah with it in the nights of Ramadan?
These words are intertwined
The word “night prayer” means that you stand for God after the Isha prayer
All that you prayed after Isha prayer is one of the night prayers until Fajr
so whatever happens at this time we call the night prayer.
The Companions used to pray as the Messenger was praying
and the Messenger in Ramadan or in others did not exceed 11 Kneel or 13
he did not exceed this during Ramadan or not in Ramadan.
But Omar bin Al-Khattab gathered the companions together on 20
the people of Makkah prayed these 20 and ranged around the Kaaba between all four rakats
so the people of Medina heard this, so they made the place of each raft of 4 rak'ahs
they became in the era of Imam Malik became 36 rak'ahs
So, the increase in goodness, and the proliferation of worship
are the actions of the Messenger of God,
the rightly guided caliphs and the righteous predecessors.
When that was the case...
muslims prayed 20 rak'ahs, which are called Taraweeh
and we must pray two by two
So, people called what is called after that from the good and from the increase: the Tahajjud prayer
so there became a common term among Muslims that Taraweeh is called on the 20 rak'ahs
then what is prayed after that in the midst of the night until fajr,
it is called Tahajjud,
and both are a component of the night prayer
A person should worship allah with his energy
I mean, within the limits of his energy
and he does not have to load himself what cannot be tolerated
because God does not tire until you get bored as the Messenger of God guides us
This is the best case wherever you find your heart.
To another meeting
may God bless you and peace and God's mercy and blessings be upon you.